welcome to param fluxes guide to invoker
he's not a dude I play very much I gotta
be honest with you I know more about the
fact I don't like him and I know a lot
about how little I know about him if you
know what I was learned in vocab I to me
he's kind of Teutonic you know I suspect
he was probably a founding member of
Croft work and they booted him out
because he's kind of a showy prick
I wouldn't dress up like them I dunno he
did release a sort of it was badly
received spoken word album where he
compared himself to a sort of modern-day
Hitler and talked about Hitler's
accomplishments didn't go down well in
Germany I've got to say they're not
really keen on that kind of thing
understandably nor is the rest of the
world of course so yeah not a great move
by invoker he kind of went to pieces a
little bit put on a bit of weight wound
up slopping around the house but um but
he's in vodka because he's a complete
cunt he got back in shape and turned his
life around what a prick why couldn't he
just fuck off
I hate him vocal by the way in case you
haven't noticed but I tell you what if
you were a fucking wizard you wouldn't
look like that you'd look like this
that's what a fucking wizard with it
like because you'd have to spend so much
fucking time studying and poring over
all those books and plans and learning
all these fucking spells why why is
invoker this good-looking blonde dude
with all his hair and his fucking pop
collar it makes no sense to me I mean
just look at the guy he's a douche he's
a douche he's a douche
he's a kind of guys like jumping the
queues and nightclubs playing practical
jokes on Earthshaker earthshake is a
nice guy oh sure he'll be like hey yeah
what's the weather gonna be like today
invoker and Vogue could be like um yeah
I think it's gonna be cloudy
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs that's
not cool
what kind of spells has he got well the
aforementioned giant meatball and
there's a load of fire spell I think
that there's a one with like a line of
ice I'm pretty sure that's him I get
that one confused with dark seer one of
them you come I dug sees one makes
doubles of you I think and the ice one
just slows you down it's kind of a pain
there's a big circle of ice thing I
think like a frost Nova thing I could be
wrong there's another one it looks like
artillery shell is going to land on you
you just move to one side I don't get it
it's fucking bullshit that one I pretty
sure there's like an invisible thing
that he's got going on I think and I'm
fairly sure it's him that summons that
don't fire bastard I can't remember if
you're going to play invoke you need to
have you need I think all the invoker
players out there I like some kind of
mega brained
aliens sort of you know all this is
stored up there in the brain if I cause
wax croisé walls work for invoke it sort
quasi X where X then I shall achieve a
Optima dominion over my fire demon it's
too much boys like a fucking flowed shot
I know you can download a god it's like
a flow chart it's like this spell this
Lisa this Bell in this bill and each of
those spells is like the depending on
your level loop exhort words or clicks
you can fuck it fuck it
invoke it's too difficult hey invoker
invoke over here buddy yeah fuck you if
you feelin generous leave a tip will buy
a stupid t-shirt from the stupid shop